README.md, before:

<a id="readme-top" name="readme-top"></a>

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/images/carleton-u-logo.jpg" height="250"></p>

<p align="center" style="margin-top:25px; margin-bottom:50px;">
	<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/javascript"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=javascript&message=Language&color=purple"/></a>
	<a href=""><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=database&message=sequelize&color=blue"/></a>
	<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=License&message=MIT&color=green"/></a>
</p>

# Carlton Coding Bootcamp Certification

<details style="margin-bottom: 25px; margin-top: 25px;">
	<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
	<ol>
		<li><a href="#Description">E-Commerce Application</a></li>
		<li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
		<li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
		<li><a href="#usage">Application Usage</a></li>
		<li><a href="#contactme">Questions? Contact Me!</a></li>
	</ol>
</details>
<div id="Description" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## E-Commerce Application

Description entered automatically by Lorem Ipsum. Aut, nobis quod earum, dolores accusamus modi libero possimus nam et aliquam non, blanditiis saepe. quod earum, dolores accusamus modi libero possimus nam et. Aut, nobis quod earum, dolores accusamus modi libero possimus nam et aliquam non, blanditiis saepe. quod earum, dolores accusamus modi libero possimus nam et.

Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Doloribus natus iure dolorum aperiam itaque? Ipsam ad quidem quo neque aliquam natus blanditiis totam. Rerum accusantium fugit, alias numquam tenetur nemo necessitatibus laudantium officiis. Reprehenderit dolor labore iusto ut minus fugiat tempora, expedita corrupti. Ab tenetur similique ipsa dolore odio earum aliquam animi ducimus optio quibusdam ipsam eos ipsum perferendis, perspiciatis quasi temporibus. Aliquam perspiciatis dolorum est expedita quo possimus, quas temporibus pariatur mollitia debitis. Ducimus sapiente impedit culpa eos alias voluptas minima corporis veniam commodi perspiciatis. At quaerat quas porro veritatis sapiente nihil fugit cumque voluptatum voluptatem recusandae alias nulla iusto, quam exercitationem, ipsa corrupti possimus eligendi repellendus!

Here is my product!

<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
	<img src="./assets/images/node001.png">
</div>
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<div id="installation" style="margin-bottom: 20px;margin-top: 20px;">

## Installation

Please follow the instructions to install the E-Commerce Back End Application

1. Clone the Readme-bot repository
	```js
	git clone https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce
	```
2. Install NPM Packaged
	```js
	npm install
	```
3. Run CLI application
	```js
	node index.js
	```
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<div id="license" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Readme-Bot

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<a><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=License&message=MIT&color=yellow"/></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

<div id="usage" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## Application Usage

Application usage entered automatically by Lorem Ipsum. Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Doloribus natus iure dolorum aperiam itaque? Ipsam ad quidem quo neque aliquam natus blanditiis totam. Rerum accusantium fugit, alias numquam tenetur nemo necessitatibus laudantium officiis. Reprehenderit dolor labore iusto ut minus fugiat tempora, expedita corrupti. Ab tenetur similique ipsa dolore odio earum aliquam animi ducimus optio quibusdam ipsam eos ipsum perferendis, perspiciatis quasi temporibus. Aliquam perspiciatis dolorum est expedita quo possimus, quas temporibus pariatur mollitia debitis. Ducimus sapiente impedit culpa eos alias voluptas minima corporis veniam commodi perspiciatis. At quaerat quas porro veritatis sapiente nihil fugit cumque voluptatum voluptatem recusandae alias nulla iusto, quam exercitationem, ipsa corrupti possimus eligendi repellendus!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

<div id="contactme" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## Questions? Contact Me 

The purpose of this Readme-bot is to help developers create their project Readme.md file that is required for ALL projects. Over time this application can save the developer lots of time, as this is a tedious process. The Readme-bot can be enhanced and there is growth for much more.

Do not hesitate in contacting me, Gustavo Miller - gustavo.miller@miller-hs.com.

You may find the application at: [https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce](https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

---
© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved. Developed by Gustavo Miller

Commit message:

Complete ORM models - Including database creation

README.md, after:

<a id="readme-top" name="readme-top"></a>

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/images/carleton-u-logo.jpg" height="250"></p>

<p align="center" style="margin-top:25px; margin-bottom:50px;">
	<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/javascript"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=javascript&message=Language&color=purple"/></a>
	<a href=""><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=database&message=sequelize&color=blue"/></a>
	<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=License&message=MIT&color=green"/></a>
</p>

# Carlton Coding Bootcamp Certification

<details style="margin-bottom: 25px; margin-top: 25px;">
	<summary>Table of Contents</summary>
	<ol>
		<li><a href="#Description">E-Commerce Application</a></li>
		<li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
		<li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
		<li><a href="#usage">Application Usage</a></li>
		<li><a href="#contactme">Questions? Contact Me!</a></li>
	</ol>
</details>
<div id="Description" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## E-Commerce Application

The assignment description starts <i>"Internet retail, also known as **e-commerce**, plays a significant role within the electronics industry, as it empowers businesses and consumers alike to conveniently engage in online buying and selling of electronic products"</i>. I could not agree more with this open statement. It is a winning statement.

As developers and throughout our careers we will encounter many opportunities to build applications that would be implemented either in -in-house hosted servers or on the cloud. I know this because, this is what I have done for the past 27 year in my career, acting as a, #Systems Analyst #Developer #DBA and more. The most important step in the process, is to demonstrate the client, that we can handle the database. Databases can get out of control very easy, so we need to spend as much time as possible in modeling it.

This assignment allows us to put in practice what we have learned. Not just by achieving what is asked in the requirements, but to go beyond; use our imagination. There is much room for improvements.

Here is my product!

<div style="margin-top: 15px;">
	<img src="./assets/images/node001.png">
</div>
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<div id="installation" style="margin-bottom: 20px;margin-top: 20px;">

## Installation

Please follow the instructions to install the E-Commerce Back End Application

1. Clone the Readme-bot repository
	```js
	git clone https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce
	```
2. Install NPM Packaged
	```js
	npm install
	```
3. Run CLI application
	```js
	node index.js
	```
</div>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<div id="license" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Readme-Bot

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<a><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=License&message=MIT&color=yellow"/></a>

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

<div id="usage" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## Application Usage

Application usage entered automatically by Lorem Ipsum. Lorem ipsum dolor, sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Doloribus natus iure dolorum aperiam itaque? Ipsam ad quidem quo neque aliquam natus blanditiis totam. Rerum accusantium fugit, alias numquam tenetur nemo necessitatibus laudantium officiis. Reprehenderit dolor labore iusto ut minus fugiat tempora, expedita corrupti. Ab tenetur similique ipsa dolore odio earum aliquam animi ducimus optio quibusdam ipsam eos ipsum perferendis, perspiciatis quasi temporibus. Aliquam perspiciatis dolorum est expedita quo possimus, quas temporibus pariatur mollitia debitis. Ducimus sapiente impedit culpa eos alias voluptas minima corporis veniam commodi perspiciatis. At quaerat quas porro veritatis sapiente nihil fugit cumque voluptatum voluptatem recusandae alias nulla iusto, quam exercitationem, ipsa corrupti possimus eligendi repellendus!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

<div id="contactme" style="margin-top: 25px;">

## Questions? Contact Me 

The purpose of this Readme-bot is to help developers create their project Readme.md file that is required for ALL projects. Over time this application can save the developer lots of time, as this is a tedious process. The Readme-bot can be enhanced and there is growth for much more.

Do not hesitate in contacting me, Gustavo Miller - gustavo.miller@miller-hs.com.

You may find the application at: [https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce](https://github.com/gusmiller/ORM-ECommerce)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

</div>

---
© 2023 edX Boot Camps LLC. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved. Developed by Gustavo Miller
